- Yeah, I'm telling you:
-all this talk about werewolves
is pure fabrication.
-What about that nephew
of yours,
who was found sneaking around the garden
in slippers at the age of nine?
- All children today
are weird.
- I'm thinking of getting a piercing.
- You don't say.
- You know, Becky, if the weevil attacked you
on you, I'd help you.
- How romantic!
- A fffantom!
- Call me! My name is Stench.
I'm in the book.
(Book of the Dead)
- Good evening!
That video had a visionary feel to it.
And we want to make sure you get the full benefit.
- No need to thank me.
My name is Stinky.
And I'm happy to help.
-Thanks for the popcorn!
- Hey!
- Uh, what can I tell you?
I made the popcorn frosting myself.
and it's not exactly butter.
-Hey, you haven't seen my uncles, have you? -No.
-I don't get paid enough to see anything, kid.
-If you want to come in and watch, you have to buy a ticket.
-I don't have any money on me. Can I owe you?
- I'm pretty sure they're inside.
- I'm telling you for the last time...
- OK, normally by now you would
say something stereotypical like:
- A ghost! And run away screaming.
- But come on, this stuff has been done.
- O fff fantomaa! Aaaa!
- Hmm, that never happened to her
to Patrick Swayze.
CASPER'S HAUNTED CHRISTMAS
- Hi guys!
- What are you doing here?
- You know, as usual, I try to
to stop you from terrorizing the city.
- That's the problem! You should help us.
- Yeah, you should join the team, Casper.
- With us, you'd be one for all and
all for one.
- I'm not breaking up this trio!
- This is the ghost police.
- Jesus! Police!
- Exactly! It's me and my mighty
ghost car.
Officer Snivel, the watchman
the ectoplasmic laws.
Feel free to treat me with respect
and/or fear?
- It's just Snivel.
- Officer Snivel, if you don't mind.
- Now, you have violated paragraphs 3 and 4,
paragraph b of the code...
- Did you guys hear him? I broke the law! I'm shaking!
- And what are you going to do, officer?
- Arrest us?
- Hey, that's my car!
I've only got two payments left.
- There you go!
- Thanks, but...
- Casper's right, guys.
-We shouldn't be driving around in the guy's car.
It's not fair.
- Ha, I got your whistle.
-Give it back.
- Nooo.
- Hey, did you hear that?
- I don't hear anything.
- That's what I mean.
- Okay, that's not good.
- What does the whistle do?
- It's for emergencies only.
It invokes Kabbash.
- Kabbash, the spirit king of all ghosts,
the evil, cruel and vicious one?
- No, Kabbash, the country-western singer.
- Who dares invoke Kabbash?
- Snivel, it's my weekend off. Can you give me
a reason not to skin you alive?
- I have no skin, I'm not alive.
- Stop! Mr. Kabbash!
It's not his fault.
- Snivel was just doing his job. I mean.
that my uncles are bad boys, really bad boys...
- Quiet, worm!
- Yes, your omnipotence.
- I was actually sent to get you, Casper.
- Me? I didn't do anything.
- That's the problem.
Your scare plan is very small.
- But I scare people all the time.
- But you do it without meaning to.
- So it doesn't count. You didn't scare either
even Haloween.
- You stayed home and rented
"Free Willy 3"
- I told you I didn't leave that napkin.
- According to ghost law, you must
intentionally scare at least one person a year.
- And if not?
- Good question. If Casper doesn't freak out
anyone, let's see what he wins.
- Where are they?
- This is darkness.
- The place where time and space
are nothing.
- An empty, desolate prison where
you will remain for eternity.
- Ha, ha, ha, enjoy your stay!
- It's ghost time!
- Who turned off the light?
- What's wrong, kids?
- Why did he bring us here?
- Why not?
- Hey, that's not fair!
- Quiet!
- Yes, fun for the whole family.
This is where you'll stay for eternity.
- Casper won't make any more friends,
and the three of you will be able to freak out
only each other.
- It will be, if Casper doesn't fulfill his duties
as a ghost and doesn't scare anyone.
- OK, OK, but the kid will scare someone,
no problem!
-Promise!
- We will make sure it does.
- I know we will.
- Until Casper scares someone, you three
have your hunting licenses suspended.
- You have until Christmas Day!
- Why are we losing our permits because
this little guy with the big head got it wrong?
- Because as an uncle,
you are responsible for him.
- And besides, I don't like you.
- Have a nice trip!
- Travel?
- Until Casper scares someone, you're all sent
to Chriss, Massachusetts.
- The most "Christmasy" city in the world.
- But we hate Christmas!
- Ha, ha, ha, I know.
- You're fired!
- Noel, honey, can I have the beer?
- In a minute, honey.
- How about something a little more "Christmasy"?
- Here's your jam.
(Christmas Eve)
- It will make you hear the bells.
- Do we really need a Christmas tree
in every room in the house?
- Well, you know what they say:
You can never have too much Christmas.
- Says who?
- We do.
-I need some privacy.
- Ready! I'm off.
- If I hear one more person say...
- Merry Christmas!
- Merry Christmas Holly!
- Merry Christmas home!
- Merry Christmas, pillar!
- Merry Christmas to all!
- Well, you have to look on the bright side:
it can't be winter forever.
- Summer's coming, right?
- Isn't it?
- Okay. I'm talking to a snowman.
-I'm officially "screwed."
- Lack of friends and Christmas overdose
have combined to drive me crazy.
- Shooting stars?
- Bright star, bright star,
the first star I saw tonight...
- I wish I could, I wish I could...
- I'll be out of the way in time!
- Ha, ha, ha. Casper just did a face-plant
in the snow, sensational!
-Wind resistance due to
because it has a big head!
- Ha ha ha, a real brake!
- It's... it's...
- Oh no, not again.
- A Talking Snowman?!
- That's new!
- Would you be afraid if it was a
Talking snowman?
- I haven't dealt with any
one so far.
-But if it's not yellow snow,
I'd say not.
- Then yes, that's me.
-Grozav.
-My life is like a Christmas special anyway.
- Wow! This place really looks like a special edition! Cool.
- Mixed?
- You don't have to live in it 24/7.
- Hmm, my name is Casper.
- Wait a minute! I made you.
Don't I have to give you my name?
- That's right, because I'm
a Snowman.
- What do you want to call me?
- Hmmm, Casper!!
- I'm Holly. Holly Jollymore.
- Wow, your name is really...
- I know, I know, it sounds like a Christmas carol.
-Achieves new levels of wisdom.
-I've heard worse...
- Ca: Stinky
- And how would you like it if it was your name?
-It wasn't working for me.
-Exactly.
-My parents make decorations for Christmas.
- And because of that we had to pack and
all move here to Criss Mass Central.
- Sure, I'll give up all my friends.
- Look at this.
- Wow, your people designed this??
-It's... so embarrassing.
-I bet you don't feel humiliated
because of your relatives.
- Oh, you have no idea.
- Holly, are you coming?
-Do you understand what I mean?
- I have to help on this play
Christmas play.
- Can I come too?
- You wouldn't melt in the spotlight
hot lights at the theater?
- Right... topi... that's right...
Can we go out again when you get back?
- Sure. See you later!
- Puah! Now I'll have the song
stuck in my head all day.
- Hey look!
They're looking for ghosts!
- But we can't scare people!
- We don't have hunting permits!
- He's scared! But because we have him
Casper to scare someone...
...we'd better have a prank ready.
- And... we wouldn't think of
of scaring someone without a permit.
- Right?
- OK.
- Leave me alone, you scary ghost!
- Boo!
- Whoa, we gotta scare the boy
the bad guy with the supplies!
What a good deal!
- No good ghost. Next!
- Guys, here's a rehearsal for a play!
- It's all fake.
We're the only ghosts here!
- That's an insult!
If they want to see something scary...
...we'll show them scary.
- Boo!
- Thanks for the special effects,
but we're looking for something else...
... a little less steamy. Next!
- It's too distracting for the other actors.
Next!
- Next!
- But I'm not finished.
- Yes, you are, you're not attractive.
- OK, thank you all for trying,
you're all wonderful people.
- But that leaves the three
ghosts in the last group.
- But what do you think of us?
- I'm sorry, but you're not quite...
... believable as ghosts.
- But... - But... we really are ghosts!
- You actors...
- Such dedication!
- I'm a character too.
- I'm not Scrooch.
- No kidding?
- It's Noel Jellymoore, the star of the play.
- This is my wife,
Carol, the director of the play.
- And our daughter, Holly.
- Protesting!
- You know, on our first day in Chris,
Noel and I went door to door...
...and I personally offered everyone in town
a homemade Christmas cookie...
- And a good picture of
two fruitcakes!
...but I don't remember
meeting the three of you.
- I just got here today.
- The whole town is busy,
there's no room at the inn.
- I know! You can come and stay with us.
- We insist!
- Shelter for needy travellers,
in the holiday season...
...represents exactly
the essence of the Christmas spirit!
- And you are
the most needy!
- No offense, but until
you improve your performance,
you won't get any
a job as a ghost.
- But...we are ghosts!
-See?
-This is it!
- Keep your attitude positive.
- Too bad about the poor audition.
-Yes, better luck next time!
- Maybe a rehearsal or two will help.
- Now, let's take you ghosts,
home, and scare up a room.
- Uh, excuse me a minute!
- You forgot to wash your hands,
dear?
- Use the new scented soap
pine soap we have!
- That's exactly what the house needed
this one: more pine!
- Uh, you got company?
- Just some weak actors, invi-
who were asked by Mom and Dad to stay with us.
- We have the usual breakfast:
roast turkey.
-It looks great! -Yeah.
- I'd invite you in, but
you'd melt from the heat.
-There's nothing more embarrassing than
wetting your chair at dinner.
- Here's some ice cream.
- Hurry up Holly, cut the slices.
- See you later!
-But...
- It's good to see such a healthy appetite!
- Without health, what would we do?
- So how do you make those amazing
special effects?
- Carol, maybe they're not allowed
to tell us.
-You know how secretive tourists are
with new types of technology.
- Yeah, it's all a secret.
- And what's the deal with everyone
all these trees?
- Do you have a dog
with a weak bladder?
- They're for Christmas!
- Oh, so that's it.
- So what's the big deal?
- What's not to love about Christmas?
We love decorations...
... and we like to exchange
gifts
...but most of all we like how
brings friends together.
- Got it.
- It is not fair. Why have
they have a family dinner?
- Maybe if you weren't lying to her, you'd be
and you were in there, you son of a bitch!
- You're talking to yourself.
- You have to tell him the truth!
- Remember when you were a girl scout?
The oath you took?
- On the honour of the scout!
- What if he's afraid of me?
- And you're gonna keep lying?
What kind of friend does that?
- I'll fix it. I'll tell her at
the right time!
- What?
- That thing looks good.
- You think they use
real chestnuts?
- You know what's good? Some sage and
roasted garlic in the mix...
- I have to get over it.
- Iach, coconut.
- Is the food gone?
- I think so, yes.
- I've never seen anyone
eat so much.
- Holly, don't be rude!
- Sorry.
- Hey, it's about time somebody
rude.
-All these manners I
produce gas.
- I feel like I'm going crazy,
you're not scaring anyone.
- We can have a scare
little scare, no one will know.
-Whoa, what's going on?
-Even I don't do that much
gas.
-There's no gas! I'm getting a
message on my laptop.
-You and your tools!
- Hey, I got the eee-mail.
-I'll connect to the world
wired(weird) web", to check it out.
- I'm checking you three, and it would
better follow my orders
about the scares.
- Yes, sir!
- No scares here, sir!
-And this message comes with an attachment.
-Level here, he's watching you
three and reporting to me.
I'll let you know if this apology of
ghosts scare anyone.
-And you'd better hurry,
because your time is running out.
- Casper's gonna scare somebody
any time now.
-And then we'll get back
our hunting licenses back, right?
-You count on Casper to save you
the papers?
-Next time we're in-
meet, I might be able to reinstate you
... or disintegrate
-And don't forget:
Fear the darkness!
-Golden Rule No.253:
-The spur does not count if
you apologize for it.
-Golden Rule No.829:
-It doesn't count if you freak out
alone.
-Casper, you're hopeless!
-Silence, I tried!
-We'll all end up alone
in the dark!
-Oh, what a pity!
-Don't make me call Kabbash!
-That's more like it.
-Ah, you damned spy! I hate
to be on this rat's tongue.
-Do you really like to wear
the costumes.
-to welcome you properly into the house
our house, we brought you some pudding.
-What's that?
-Hmm, we're not really
sure, nobody is.
-But it's very "christian".
That's good enough for us.
-No, there are only a few days left
shocking days until Christmas.
-We're finished if Casper
doesn't scare someone off quickly.
-But when it comes to scaring,
Casper's smokier than Frenso.
-Pity we couldn't turn it
Casper into another ghost.
-or... turn another
ghost into Casper.
-like our nephew Spooky.
He looks like his cousin Casper.
-If he can
and scaring the hell out of people.
-Da.
There are some pictures of them right here
... in the Book of Fear
of the Academy of Ghosts.
-Yes, you have to bring Casper,
I mean bad Casper.
-Sure, we have a plan.
-We make him come here,
and replace him with Casper, then...
-Snivel sees how he scares
someone to death, then...
-Do we have to share the pudding with him?
- "We have to share", NOUUU!
-We get our hunting permits
back and avoid being left in...
...darkness.
-Frivites! The Book of Fear gives
the phone number in New York.
-Call my little
smelly phone!
-Nice view, isn't it?
-What happened to all those people
down there, they look like ants!
-Ooo, Spooky! I'm sure they're
two Uncle Sue's and cousins and grandparents...
...and sisters and...
-What do you want?!? Oh, I'm honored that
you called me!
-It's the Ghost Trio,
my idols.
-Ah, how about you come in
Chrismassachussets, scare
...someone for us?
-You want me to come in
into your group?
-You're just what we need. -You're just what we need.
No one else could do it
...besides you
-We'd love for you to come.
-Daa, and we don't lie because
we're not desperate.
-This is the best break on
I get,
my chance to be in
Team Screamers!
-Ah, but... -I have to
to think about it.
-I'll call you back.
-You can only get
think about leaving New York?
-This is a super town.
-Bronx is mixed.
-But not butter, nor salt,
nor the tossing of the target.
-I need more
opportunities to scare.
-This offer to enter
Ghost Trio is my chance
for professionals.
-What makes you so sure?
-I'm putting my foot down:
We're going to Chrismass
...if you agree.
-You were right, the actors
these actors are weird.
-They didn't scare you, did they?
-I love weirdness,
like Halloween.
-That's quite a celebration!
-I'm glad you mentioned Halloween,
because
-What? How come it's not...
-I can explain.
-The truth is...
-Of course! You're a Snowman
so you don't leave tracks in the snow.
-Yeah..., sure, that sounds good.
-You're all screwed up now.
-You're fucked!
-Did you hear that?
-Looks like Casper really scares her!
-Maybe not after all
need Spooky.
-I knew it was too good to be
true.
-If you want something done right
you have to do it yourself.
-or... fooling someone else
to do it, and then
...to piss him off.
-So Spooky's not joining us?
-You want to be the Ghost Quartet?
-No, it's too hard to pronounce.
-After Spoky gets us out of here
we say bye!
-Say it!
-You are officially the champion of the universe
at snow fights.
-Ura!
-It's great to be with someone normal.
-Nobody ever called me that before.
Keep up the compliments!
- Seriously!
-This time of year,
my folks won't leave me alone.
-I want to get involved in everything
they do.
-sounds like a burden.
-Can I tell you a secret?
-You swear you won't tell anyone?
-Da.Jur.
-I like one thing about the holidays.
-To make congratulations.
I'll make one for you.
-Seriously? Cool!
-If you tell anyone what I told you
I like at Christmas, you'll
...you get a lump...
- Okay, okay, it's a secret.
-You know something, Casper? I feel like I can
trust you.
-Trust is good. Confidence and
sincerity and all that...
-Listen, I...
-Holly, Grandma's on the phone!
-Shut up, I have to go.
See you later!
-Dar I...
-So, you're telling
the right time?
-Shut up!
-It's from the ghost office.
-And New York City.
-New York City?
-Level, I just found out it's
film festival downtown.
-I'm out of here!
-Hello, uncles! I wanted to
make a classy entrance.
-Yes, 3rd grade. Spooky was
too cheap to pay
...for another stamp.
-You always wanted to travel
with scary mail!
-I like someone to fly
for me once in a while.
-I've come to join you.
What do you need?
-Well, let's see. First of all...
...we need you to get rid of
this silly hat.
-My hat...
-Taci!
-But it was the trademark of the scarecrow.
-We're not looking for a scary guy,
more like a Casper guy.
-It's time for a top secret initiation.
-He's cute.
-Yes, very hash, hash.
-It makes sense to me.
-Yes, foreigners are not allowed.
-I take a hint, a house doesn't
makes a fool of me. Later Spooky!
-Hi! -Hi! I'm Casper.
-Hi. -Yeah, it's Caaassper.
-Hi. I'm Caaassper.
-Hi! -Hi! I'm Casper.
-And you're gonna freak out
that you'll lie to me all your life.
-There, I think he's got them. -Oh, yeah.
-I'm disgusted with myself. After this
I'll be in the Fantasy Trio, right?
-Daa, sir.
-We'll treat you like one of them.
-Carol, is that you?
-Holly?
-God, we're glad you're back, Snivel!
-Casper's ready to scare again.
-You'll be amazed.
It's a totally new ghost.
-That's it.
It's Casper, the angry ghost.
-He didn't look scared to me.
-I'm not gonna talk about the incident
incident ever again.
-Alo.
-What are you doing?
-Just some Christmas cookies.
-Do you like scary cupcakes?
-I don't think Christmas cookies are
too scary.
-Probably just the Halloween cookies.
-I scare you?
-No, no, you look nice. -No, no, you look nice.
- DON'T HANG UP THE PHONE!
-Oh God, I wouldn't hang up on anyone.
- Wait. Let me give you the recipe.
-Take 3 cups butter, half a cup
of butter, a cup of chocolate...
-It doesn't matter!
-All right. -Bye, then.
Merry Christmas!
-O my God, I forgot the salt!
-This leads to a "manual" approach.
-Hopa, I'm half-naked!
-O, she looked "very" scared.
-Spooky, are you here?
-I'm in the bowl.
-I had to scare her.
What's wrong?
-I was... mixed up.
-Ah, how sweet and innocent you look.
-This scare will be easy.
-Hello, Casper!
-You should have screamed.
Don't you think I'm scary?
-No. Why would anyone think that?
-God, I don't understand. You can't
scare even a little girl.
-You said about Casper that
he's improved his scares.
He's as incompetent as ever.
-What a disappointment!
Let's get out of here!
-It's a nightmare. And not a good one.
-Are you okay?
-Look: I can accept that I'm not
scary, but I don't want your pity.
-All right. You obviously have some problems.
But I have a surprise for you.
- Who cares?
-Valea! I'm out of shape.
-Glumesti? Because it's not funny.
-You're telling me? I'm sick of you
and your crazy family!
-They're not normal!
-Hey! They're my family and I love them!
- Well, someone has to love them.
You guys are just as weird.
-Then I won't bother you anymore
from now on.
-Hm, exciting.
-Hi Holly
-We're offering your Christmas card.
-Hey, why did you do that?
-I think it's the kind of thing
a freak would do.
-Holly!
-Leave me alone!
-Hello, sweeties.
-?
-Your eyes are very funny.
You're a very good Casper.
-Oh, thank you. I do my best.
-What are you doing here in Chriss?
-A, mainly I get bored in
this cute little town.
I want to go back to New York.
-Uh, okay.
-Uh, you're not coming with me?
-Uh, no. But thanks for asking.
I have to stay here and see what happened to Holly.
-Holly? Who's Holly?
-She's a very pretty girl.
We get along very well.
Only now she's upset
at me, I don't know why.
-Yes? -Yes? Well, she's not the only one.
That you ignored me is bad enough.
And now you say she's cute.
I can't even see your face anymore.
You're a big joke.
-Who wants poultry milk?
While it's hot.
-I'll get it later.
-Oo. Are you all right, dear?
-It's not important.
I don't want to spoil your Christmas.
-Holly, look at me!
Your father and I
we love Christmas, it's true.
And maybe we go too far sometimes.
But you matter more, always.
-He's a friend of mine.
Or at least I have
I thought my friend was.
And suddenly he's a bastard.
I don't get it.
-Well, maybe the friend
your friend's in trouble at home.
-Sometimes a villain is someone
who doesn't know how to say what he feels.
-Well, I'll give it another chance.
-This is... he... it's a boy?!
-We'd like to meet him.
-The bird's beard is there if you want it.
It'll help you sleep.
Unless you become lactose intolerant.
Then there will be cramping and bloating.
-Good night! -Good night!
"I thought I knew you"
"How could I have been wrong?"
"Maybe you have problems you don't
know how to say"
"But I care."
"And I can be your girlfriend"
"You can tell me anything"
"Even if it's crazy or bad"
"Even if you're angry or sad"
"I can be your girlfriend"
'"I will never let you down"
"Honesty to the end"
"Win or lose try again"
"Because I can be your girlfriend."
-Where does this music come from?
"Special Ballads for Christmas"
-Holly.
-Look, I have to tell you something.
-Why were you such a jerk before?
-When?
-When you yelled at me!
-What are you talking about?
-Okay. -Forget it. I've been trying
to talk to find out what your problem is.
I can help you with them.
That's what friends do.
I just wanted you to tell me the truth.
-Well, do you want the truth? Here it is:
You won't like it and you won't
want to be my girlfriend.
-Casper, shouldn't you be
climb out the window, it's too dangerous.
How do you do that?
Since when do snowmen fly?
-I'm not a Snowman.
I told a stupid lie because
I wanted you to be my girlfriend.
I'm a... ghost.
-A ghost?!
-A ghost. You know...
You trusted me
and I let you down.
I let everyone down.
I'm sorry, Holly. Bye. Bye.
-Aha! There you are, try
to hide from me.
-Never. I was just admiring
Santa's scary expression.
-Daaa, come closer and look!
-And by the way, I reversed the engine
in Santa's pipe.
It's a very powerful vacuum cleaner now,
so be careful!
-Hey, you tricked me.
-Yeah, and you got sucked in. -Yeah. Get it?
-We'll come back and set you free...
in a couple of years.
-Turn around! Let me go!
OK, you wanted it.
Here, did you hear that?
It's loud in here.
-Let me hear the recording one more time.
-What's not to love about Christmas?
We love decorations.
-And exchange gifts.
But most of all we like how
brings friends together.
-Hey, that's a good thing!
-OK, I checked the list twice.
-It's Christmas Eve.
We need to think of an idea fast.
We find an idea to ruin Christmas quickly.
-This is it!
Then the horrible triou-lui
came up with a damned idea.
Ghosts with vile spirits
have come up with a diabolical idea.
Everyone in Chriss loved Christmas,
except for the Fantastic Trio.
Probably his head
big head wasn't quite caught.
Or perhaps the sheets
were too tight.
But I think it's most likely that
...they were bastards.
Okay, now we wait.
I've been down every hole.
-I think this chimney is too tight.
With a twist under the fireplace,
he slithered like a snake.
He stole the steak, even the cakes.
-Hey guys, he exclaimed.
Did someone say "cake"?
And then resolutely after a twist of the head,
he saw a young man awake from bed.
Who saw some big eyes
in red Christmas clothes.
-Hey, you just scared someone. -Hey, you just scared someone.
You have broken a basic rule.
-So what if?
Snivel is not here to spy on us.
We can do what we want.
That's right, if Kabbash doesn't know
nothing happens to us.
... and sticking his fingers up his nose
climbed up the chimney.
Your gifts were taken by
the Jollimore family. Come and get them!
-When the whole town has to come here to get their
to pick up the presents stolen by the Jollimore family.
-Yes, friendships are over.
-And when they get here we'll make sure
they're in for some nasty surprises.
-And besides they'll see their presents
blown away by my special bumba with a clock.
-''Clockwork?''
-Like a time bomb,
but scarier.
It'll blow them away hard.
-Gentlemen, to a well ruined Christmas!
-That's not fair!
-Excuse me? -No.
I know I don't scare anyone anymore,
but you have gone too far.
It's not even about scaring anyone anymore.
You're just plain mean.
-Big words for someone
who can't even scare a fly.
-Hey! -I can scare very well,
but not with this outfit.
Let me be myself!
-Get that through your stupid head:
WE DON'T WANT YOU!!
-Yeah, we can't wait to be Casper.
-But I thought I'd join you guys.
The Fantastic Trio... and the scares...
The evil little ghost.
-Ooo, guess what? Well you thought wrong.
Now beat it, you jerk!
Turn around when you can scare a kitty cat.
-I'll show them I can scare a kitty cat!
-What?
-I scared you, didn't I?
-Yes, my heart almost stopped.
-I'm still good at it. Did you hear that? I'm back!
So, how are you, Casper?
-What's with the disguise?
Why are you dressed like me?
I'm a loser...
I've destroyed everything.
-I'll fill you in, but more
first I'll explain the purpose.
Maybe we can get rid of each other
each other out of the doghouse.
-Hey, Boyl!
And that's the whole scheme.
-It's only an hour till sunrise.
We have to stop the Trio.
Can you help me?
-Well, I'd like to get back at them
for driving me away... okay, I'll help you.
-It's time to teach the Trio a lesson.
I can't believe I was worried
that I'd let them down all this time.
First task: get them out of the house!
-But what about a good scare?
-Nothing scares the three of them!
Nothing except...
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a plan.
-Next time I see you, I want
you to be you.
-The boom is set to 20 minutes.
-The millers will be here soon.
-Everything's ready to give the sunnies
the fright of their lives.
Guys, if we're going out, we're going out in style.
-Have you heard anything?
-Yeah, sounds like an evil spirit in pain
headaches.
-It has to be the people of Oradea.
Well, boys, let's welcome them like this
they won't forget us too soon.
-You three have made
something against the city?
-No.
Leave the Jelimoore family alone! I'm
and their daughter is very sweet.
-What?
-There's nothing going on here, Mr Kabbash.
-What hat...?
-Save yourselves!!!
-Flee!
-I think it went well.
-I scared the hell out of him.
-That's it, isn't it? -Yeah.
I can't scare a kitten, can I?
-Hey, what's this?
Christmas cookies?!
-Look at that! -What?
-That kabbashu was a fake!
-Yes, let's go back and teach them a lesson!
-We showed them
some stuff about freaking out!
-Oops!
-Ooo, I see double!
-Stop, nobody but me
should blow the Kabbash whistle!
-Watch out! Kabbash is here!
-This time you've really screwed up.
-You really think we're stupid, don't you?
-Hey, Mr. Kabbash, you're an asshole
big fat ha ha.
-Oh, he's getting angry.
We'd better calm him down.
-What does that mean?
-We'll have a nice winter after...
that nasty fall.
-What a nasty fall?
-Asta!
-That will be a lesson to you!
-Aaa, Stretch!
-Not now Stinky! -Not now Stinky!
I have to teach these
what respect for the elderly is!
-Uh, I don't think that was a doll.
-Don't be a dickhead. If it hasn't been quilted,
it means it was the real one.
-KABBASH!!!
-How dare you?
All the cheek ends now!
The sun rises.
You all know what that means.
It's Christmas, and your time is up.
And because it's the holidays, I'm planning
a free trip for the two of you.
-It's not even necessary.
I'd like to hit until it hurts.
-Level, you're driving.
-Wait! You misunderstood, Kabbash.
-You dare to correct me? -No.
-I blew the whistle.
I called you to tell you that
I scared someone.
We scared them, I mean we scared them
the Fantastic Trio.
-You scared this group off
of experienced scarecrows?
Snivel, is it true?
-Well... technically yes.
Casper scared the trio.
They flew away screaming like babies.
-All right. Conditions of punishment
have been met.
-Level, back up
the trio their hunting permits.
-Well, dddar... sir only Casper
did a good job.
Do we have to release the Trio?
-Dare you comment on my orders? -No.
-No sir, your super height...
what hat...?
Uh, Mr. Kabbash, sir, sir, sir, sir, sir.
come and have a look.
Looks like someone ignored orders
your orders against the scares.
-We would never scare anyone...
-Daa, we haven't even
think of scaring anyone.
-No? -No?!
-Nooo.
-No, we wouldn't think of it.
-Here's your wickedness!
-That's it! You defied me again!
-I think they wanted to retreat noisily.
One last scare...
before they were sent into darkness.
-With noise? No, louder.
-No, no, you misunderstand.
-What is it now?
-Well, you see, it's for refreshment.
-Hai let her. The whole room
is full of traps.
Who are they for?
-Uh, good question.
-For ourselves!
-Yes, for ourselves.
Because...
are a Christmas present for you, Kabbash.
-Sure, because we know how much you like them,
don't we?
In the spirit of fear.
-Uh, say it!
-None of this was meant to scare.
In the spirit of giving.
-No sir, no scares.
-Ha, ha, not bad.
-Give them back their passes!
-It's about time!
-God, what I missed you!
-This is the best day of my life
of my afterlife.
-Returns: Casper v-a slavat
your miserable sheets,
but remember, you'll hear from Kabbash again.
Or Snivel, so...
-What's going on here?
-It's a noise that wakes the dead.
-I see it's your ghost actor friends.
Oh, nice costumes!
That's even cooler. Special effects!
What a cheesy look.
He'd be perfect for the role of the ghost.
Does anyone know how I can get in touch with him?
-Nooo!
-Carol, darling, look at this.
In the spirit of giving.
What a wonderful surprise!
-You didn't have to get us so many presents.
-They're actually all Criss's.
Soon the whole town will be coming for them.
-That's cute.
We're gonna have the best Christmas party ever.
-I'm glad everyone in town wants
will have a merry Christmas!
That's the most important thing. I think.
Has anyone seen Holly?
-Hello Casper.
-Hi Holly! -Hi Holly!
I'm sorry I lied to you.
You left me talking!
-I'm sorry about that, too.
-Well, you apologized.
When we found out that our guests are
ghosts like you,
I thought I was planning something.
I've been watching what happens.
And I know how you saved the family Christmas.
-And yet I feel sorry for...
-Dest. Thanks for the congratulations.
And I know it's no big deal, but...
-Whoa, it's...
-Crciunistic?
-Total. But it's OK.
-You've already given me the most
beautiful gift of all: a friend.
-You know, you're the only person
I know who doesn't make that sound crazy.
-Uh, is it...?
-Yes, mistletoe.
-I think it's time to make
to exchange gifts.
-Whoa, my hat!
-Yeah, I looked everywhere until I found it
in a dumpster across town.
-Uh, I don't have anything for you Boyle.
-Of course you do.
I got the old Spooky back.
I like you just the way you are.
-Let's go back to New York.
Class I.
-Whoa, under Spooky's tough mask,
she's a friendly girl.
Very friendly.
-I love you. We'll always be together
my darling.
-Mom, Dad, I'd like to introduce you
my friend Casper.
Holly's friends, they're ours too.
Merry Christmas, Casper!
-I can't stand all this merriment.
-You're getting sick.
Although it may be from the 12 cakes
fruitcake I just ate.
-Let's get out of here.
-Dragon, it's snowing here.
-No problem dear,
I'll turn on the fan.
-I'm feeling a little dismembered.
-I've got the pieces!
-I feel like a phlegm.
-How nice! White Christmas in the house!
-I love surprises!
-I like happy endings!
-And I love a musical number!
-Merry Christmas to all,
and a Happy New Year!
Made by Snouletz.
snouletz@hotmail.com